{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 2, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "EJ6nGJT-y9pjtWDKGa6a1g", "review_id": "b7uPBZnKnYsW9U1wdgipcA", "text": "when i rushed in from the snow to gillie's, i felt warmer instantly because the place was full of happy faces, delicious smells and friendly chatter. it was very crowded and every table was filled or just vacated. there were only two servers covering all the tables, the bar, the register and doing their own bussing, so service was slow, but they seemed to be keeping their chins up despite the rush. i was booked to play music, which is why i was there, and so i set up in the window by the front door. i think some bands might have a good time playing here, and a lot of the people seemed happy that there was music, but really, it's not conducive to really paying attention to song-lyrics. there is just too much talking and clinking of knives and forks and the sound from the kitchen carries all the way across the restaurant. but still i was grateful for the folks who made a point to sit up front, have a couple of drinks, listen to some songs and buy a cd. and for the tip envelopes right on each table. it was nice at the end of the night to find that all the diners had appreciated me! after the gig, i chose a bottle from the great beer selection and ordered nori-crusted tofu with a soba noodle cake and wasabi aoili that was excelent. i think there was a vegetable with it, but i can't remember now. super-yummy, though. the woman i was staying with suggested that gillie's was the best place in town for breakfast, so we went back the next day. again, only 2 servers rushing around the place and it took us quite a while to get coffee. but i ordered the frittata with feta, artichoke hearts, spinach, potatoes, tomatoes and olives. i got an extra biscuit on the side, thinking eggs and veggies wouldn't be enough. i was expecting all those toppings to be cooking inside the eggs, but instead it was served almost like a pizza, with an omelette for the crust, melted jack cheese, and then fresh veggies all over the top. soooo good. it was huge and definitely would have been enough to eat on it's own, so don't feel that you need to order toast. everyone i ate with suggested other favorite dishes, so i hope i get to go back and sample something else next time!", "business_id": "gomSgjEesyhMgdN8w2tBOA", "stars": 4, "date": "2008-11-30", "type": "review"}