{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 1, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "Dit9fxJlPB0EE-4uuh9lXQ", "review_id": "-mVuo28L-S-IPh7tmvcrOg", "text": "green's is a fantastic little restaurant at virginia tech. the interior is minimalist with a big chalkboard advertising their specials. what's special about green's is that yes, they do serve sushi and mediterranean and indian inspired cuisine. this is a great concept for a college town because many friends can come together to eat at one restaurant. what also makes green's special is that they do a good job preparing, cooking and serving the variety of food and it tastes great too! we ordered a small feast for four at green's last sunday and it was quite delicious. we ordered four different sushi rolls and the tikka masala platter. the rolls were really great and the volcano roll was perhaps divine inspiration from the sushi gods. the rainbow roll was a bounty of fresh fish and seafood. the volcano roll was not too spicy, but really just a fantastic special roll with a lot of seafood and a lot of yummy in my tummy! the alaska roll featured smoked salmon, which isn't my favorite, but roll it in seaweed with other ingredients and the smoke flavor just lends this really delicious flavoring agent to the other ingredients. finally the spicy tuna was delicious, as it should be. the tikka masala platter was also very tasty, having had just a bite of chicken, but the serving was enormous and the flavors were good. even the rice had some spice and that shows attention-to-detail! to green's: well done! keep it up! keep that sushi raw and keep that chicken cooked! green's breakdown: the food: well, it was delicious. i'm very happy with that discovery in blacksburg. the value: i'd call it well priced sushi. make sure you check out their specials for even more values. the experience: i like the minimalism in the decor. the server was very friendly and my water glass was always kept full. would i return?: if i was in blacksburg, i would surely like to revisit! 4 stars?: what would make them five? to be honest, i felt that the roll could've been wrapped a little tighter, but still, it was a flavor bomb of goodness!", "business_id": "YKWQbP6B13LT60j9tEEtIg", "stars": 4, "date": "2012-06-18", "type": "review"}