{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "7FdGMEHdKa_nH7NWQOI3pw", "review_id": "5WiIQYgMkT-t1NlPVP1tKw", "text": "i went with a group from work to 1947 tavern for happy hour and dinner. i arrived around 5:30pm and the place was almost empty. the atmosphere is warm and welcoming, even without a lot of people. i was the first one there, so i sat at the bar and ordered a beer. the bartender was very friendly and knowledgeable. he told me about the drafts they had and described one from troegs that i wasn't familiar with. as the others in my party trickled in he helped each of them pick drinks and made one girl an impressive mojito (that involved him putting something in a bag and beating it loudly against the bar...i think it was the sugar). he told us that happy hour was ending soon, so we hurried up and ordered 2 appetizers (i believe they were bogo). unfortunately, everything with crab was off-limits, he informed us, because they were out of it. we ordered the fries and hummus. both were fantastic. we moved to a table and ordered dinner. i got the mac n cheese with bacon. the portion size here is huge, folks, get ready for left overs. i also ordered a side salad. i highly recommend this place for these reasons: 1. the house salad is delicious and our waiter brought me 4 different dressings to choose from. i could have poured all of them on if i wanted to get wild. 2. the mac n cheese is a little different, like some of the other reviewers have mentioned. it could be a little creamier. its still delicious. i had enough left over to use as a side the next day for my husband and i at dinner. 3. our bartender turned waiter superbly handled our large group and wasn't phased by working with multiple cards for the bill. i should mention that the place got very busy around 6:30-7:00pm. i was hesitant to give 1947 tavern a try since it had that \"trying too hard to be trendy\" sort of feel to me. i was pleasantly surprised by fantastic service and yummy food. next time your around ellsworth give it a try...with so much awesome competition in that area i'd love to see 1947 do well.", "business_id": "CqU7SXYRo9EbMwlxrSvErA", "stars": 4, "date": "2011-11-01", "type": "review"}