{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 1, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "MN7ko3uyVP6C6xpp5qCYkQ", "review_id": "jQ4zTvSYCfE9500Nf20a-g", "text": "disclaimer: i've only been once, and though i'll give it another shot, it won't be anytime soon, considering all the other new places there are in the pittsburgh area right now. overall though, it seems like a great bar spot for after work or dinner drinks. also, i totally disagree with munch's latest review in the post-gazette (6/9/11). the mac and cheese was not a revelation. seriously. if you're one to always agree with munch, you probably don't want to read this. the staff & service: * host - we arrived with no reservations (i don't think they take them) at about 8pm on a friday night, and were welcomed and seated immediately. * waiter - he seemed a bit out of it. we dined there not too long after this place opened, so i expected tighter service. alas, i had to ask for a glass of water three times before actually receiving it (a few minutes after we received our meals), and he was only manning a few tables. be better. the interior & branding: * they 're going for a more upscale look, and it's nice. i expected a more \"tavern-y\" pub feel, but the copper wall behind the bar and the patina'd copper wall that ran opposite it were nice design details. seating was comfy and basic, not refined or special. * the lighting - lighting is so important to me, and their lighting was great. makes for an intimate and cozy feel. * the website - i'll keep hounding restaurants with poorly designed websites until the day i die. i'm in online marketing, and my husband makes websites for a living, so this is something i feel pretty strongly about. their site looks like diy. they, like many others, need to put their hours on their homepage, not keep them lost on their \"connect\" page. also, the menu is an image and very hard to read as is. it should be in plain text like their bourbon, beer, wine & cocktails and all other pages. the drinks: * i'd go back just for drinks. they've got a great selection of wines and beer. * bourbon - an excellent and large selection. my husband had one of their bourbon cocktails, which he liked a good deal. lindemans framboise - it's not like they're making it, so you can't really screw up. it was good: sweet and tart as always. the food: * mac and short rib - the mac and cheese was undoubtedly oily and lacked flavor. however, the short rib was well-prepared/seasoned. not the best i've ever had, but good. * french dip - tasty, but ours was not served rare, as advertised. all sandwiches are served on the always great baguettes from allegro's bakery.", "business_id": "CqU7SXYRo9EbMwlxrSvErA", "stars": 2, "date": "2011-06-09", "type": "review"}