{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 1, "cool": 1}, "user_id": "NOc1plCkDUYkU98Kf6MgwQ", "review_id": "yrmOLWQv6ikSwxqUsOYzOg", "text": "sometimes i just get a weird vibe from a place, and, while nothing was particularly unnerving, i got it from 1947 tavern. we decided to try it at about 6:00 on a friday, which, at many places, is kind of a jumpin' time with the leftover work crowd and early diners, like across the street at harris. no so here. there were only two tables occupied by middle-aged couples, which was also kind of unusual. the place was attractive enough, but the empty bar and dining room gave me a bad feeling right away. the first drink i had was a bourbon/peach tea concoction, which was too bourbon-y for me, but my next drink, a frozen lemonade thing with framboise, was tasty. as we drank and perused the menu, we noticed a few more middle-aged people and a really old dude come in alone with a newspaper. this guy seemed like he would be much happier scratching lottery tickets and complaining about \"kids these days\" at the end of the counter at eat-n-park. true to the stereotype, he asked a bajillion questions about the menu and made ridiculous demands for his meal. on top of this, there was an older, \"rough around the edges\" waitress...like, tweety bird sweatshirt, stretchpants, glitter eyeshadow, bad perm, mullet-rough. and i realize i'm being terribly critical of people who i'm sure are very nice, but people make or break atmosphere. all i kept thinking was how old and uncool the place felt because of all the old, uncool people. and last, but not least, the bartender was our waiter, who seemed to forget about us completely by the middle of service, and through an inquiry on our part, unofficially handed us over to another slightly less inattentive waiter. there was a bright spot to our visit, though...the food! we got the pulled pork appetizer thing, the kielbasa appetizer, and the bacon mac and cheese. everything was really tasty. now, i compare all mac and cheese to my favorite--my grandma's--which is a little drier and oniony. the tavern's mac came close, though creamy. it was the best non-grandma mac and cheese i've ever had...and i've had a lot. all told, we'll probably be back for the food and just hope that the clientele includes a few more \"youngsters\" like us.", "business_id": "CqU7SXYRo9EbMwlxrSvErA", "stars": 3, "date": "2011-07-14", "type": "review"}