{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 2, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "DKiPkqt2lFEEQFHpNlP0Mw", "review_id": "-6DLz1IRdz5zpNRuC9DMNQ", "text": "i visited the 1947 tavern on a saturday night with five others. we luckily had a reservation as the small space was pretty packed at 6:30. our server gave us a run down of the specials and we proceeded to order drinks. there were no bourbon drinkers at the table, but my lady got a whiskey sour and later a shady cider, both of which she enjoyed. the first course of the table consisted of bruchette, cheese plate, mac n' cheese, and a cup of the soup du jour (beef vegetable). the bruchette had duck confit on it, great flavor, but the crostinis were a little soggy. the peanut sauce was well liked by the table, but the fruit jam was out of place and bland on the cheese plate. i quite enjoyed the aged goat cheese as well as the pate. the mac n cheese was just pretty eh. it was served in a casserole dish covered by a parm crisp. it lacked flavor and moisture and although i ate the entire cheese crisp it seemed odd. i'm not sure if it was intended to be eaten with the macaroni since it pulled off as one large chewy/crispy sheet of baked cheese. i was told the cup of beef vegetable was very good. the entrees consisted of lamb burgers, the fish special, lamb pasta, chicken, and i got the lamb loins. everyone at the table enjoyed their entrees and left full. we all cleared our plates with the exception of the lamb pasta, which was definitely the largest portion at the table. some notes on the main course; my lady was not a fan of the buns used on the lamb burger. the dish itself is two slider sized burgers on what looks like large dinner rolls. the buns texture though reminded me of stale biscuit. the fries and demi sauce were both tasty though, as well as burger patties that came out as requested, medium. my lamb on the other hand came out about a doneness too far, luckily i ordered it mr so they were still good. the meat was about four chops worth of meat served off the bone. the dish looked a little messy and lackluster because of this, but i enjoyed the lamb, roasted tomatoes, polenta, and sauce on my plate. my sister got a mw steak which was cooked perfectly. she really enjoyed it, but said her scalloped potatoes weren't very warm and had an odd flavor. after tasting them i believe they used a goat cheese in the potatoes for a bit of tang. the steal of the night was the fish special, which was a pan seared hawaiian escolar for $15. it looked good and the plate was cleaned pretty quickly. in conclusion i should mention the staff did well. our server was a young lady that offered to answer any questions and checked on our meals promptly after they were served. she refilled waters fast even though the restaurant leaves a carafe of water on the table for the guests. she also brought out a plate of toasted crostini when asked for something to pick at our peanut sauce with while waiting for the main course, which wasn't a long wait. sadly the tavern does not offer bread service. all said and done it was pretty ok. with myself not living in the city i can't say i will make my way back here anytime soon, but i wouldn't be opposed to trying more of the menu sometime.", "business_id": "CqU7SXYRo9EbMwlxrSvErA", "stars": 3, "date": "2012-02-26", "type": "review"}