{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "uq_xDJi7cmZ9wLE8v3X4Bg", "review_id": "983z1aEGghqhzTmXNiqUQQ", "text": "i'll admit, i've always had this stigma against la fondas. my first ever experience wasn't a very good one, but that was way years ago, before even yelp even existed. for the longest time, i've always seen the many la fondas as \"the place next to fellini's,\" whenever i go to the ponce or buckhead fellini's. one afternoon whilst trying to lunch, and running into the array of human brick wall lines known as \"the vortex on or around howell mill,\" i found myself at la fonda, because i had already burned 20 minutes with plans a, b and c being places with typical, egregiously demanding lines, and i was hungry, getting cranky, and needing to eventually get back to work. the fact that la fonda had no stupid lines or wait generally confirmed to me that maybe i wasn't the only one with this stigma against la fondas. but i needed to eat and eat soon, lest my two-hour absence would eventually be noticed. allow me to start off by saying this recent experience was an excellent one. i was seated quickly, and greeted immediately with chips and salsa. i ordered cheese dip. it was almost at the flavor and quality of taqueria del sol, but i can't place my finger on why it's slightly different. but good, nonetheless. i ordered the regular cuban sandwich; what came out was a well-presented platter with a nicely pressed and handsome looking sandwich atop a plate packed with black beans and yellow rice. for $8.75, it's a gargantuan amount of food. the quality of everything was better than i remembered from years ago, and i feel a little naive to have avoided going back to a la fonda for so long. at least in the case of the howell mill location, there's a place that has some salvation from the crazy look-at-me crowd that tends to be content standing in long lines in the unfortunately limited number of options in the remote area. long story short, free parking, lesser wait times, fast, courteous service, and great bang for the buck. would come back.", "business_id": "Zx5fNxBc6gIRRrBCVvYgqA", "stars": 4, "date": "2011-11-30", "type": "review"}