{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 1, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "v7YRs28UP5mXkuAdc6rD8A", "review_id": "BOz9ElIUX6g8rlo_H7BXzA", "text": "my first visit to this well regarded tex-mex chain was by default, blundering into the wrong parking lot whose threatening signs (\"la fonda latina parking only!\") produced in me the intended level of fear of returning to find my only means of transportation in the capable restraints of das boot. so under the threat of dispossession i reluctantly enter and order chicken tacos and cheese quesadilla. its a to go order that should have stayed, providing further proof that aside from margaritas, very little tex mex travels well. and yes, it's a mess when i get back to the office. i'll give it another shot. on my next visit i set up camp at a ringside table, advising the waitstaff that despite my pathetic lone appearance (\"you are only one senor?\"), its going to be luncheon for four. chips and salsa are \"comped\". while the chips are unremarkable, deft hands were at work preparing the salsa. fresh, chunky ingredients accented with the correct amount of cilantro is promising. and after adding a copious amount of el yucateco, its soon up on its hind legs howling. lets try the queso blanco con jalapenos. heavy on the montequilla (butter) i'm reminded of the bad ole days of english cuisine (lard sandwiches). time to move onto the highly touted fish tacos. despite 10 years in landlocked atlanta i've not yet acquired a taste for frozen fish (certain neighborhood fish frys excepted), so unless you have i recommend that you do not go fish. pedestrian black beans and dry yellow rice attempt to anchor this floundering entree. scouring the menu for any bright spot, the grilled pork and mango salad appears to be an interesting diversion. my most able waiter approves (where was he when i ordered the fish tacos???). fajita style pork is paired with grilled variety peppers and onion and tossed with tomatoes and mixed greens. a creamy mango dressing accompanies. while a citric vinaigrette style dressing would have been more appropriate, the salad is a satisfying meal in itself. just for the hell of it i order the \"mexican iceberg\", a scoop of frozen margarita floating in dos equis amber. all the appeal of watery, lime flavored beer. what is appealing is the iced cappuccino. powerful espresso coffee, steamed milk, whipped cream and cinnamon served over ice, an excellent closer. thankfully, my neighborhood tamale lady stops by when i get home, single handedly saving the reputation of mexican cuisine from the back of her suv.", "business_id": "Zx5fNxBc6gIRRrBCVvYgqA", "stars": 2, "date": "2012-07-27", "type": "review"}