{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 6, "cool": 3}, "user_id": "j14WgRoU_-2ZE1aw1dXrJg", "review_id": "p5yIlNNBzGwhg6jFXmo3LQ", "text": "la fonda a good place to get mexican food in a warm, casual environment. there are a handful of la fonda locations in atlanta. this westside location is clean and spacious and it's a got a nice outdoor patio too. the restaurant is located next door to curly's fried chicken, across the street from chow baby, and down the street from six feet under. there's plenty of free parking in a nicely paved lot in the back. while la fonda doesn't have the depth and breadth (and inexpensive prices) of mexican food of a joint like el taco veloz, it's menu is still pretty respectable and reasonable. one of their popular menu items is the paella, which is spanish yellow rice cooked with a variety of meat and vegetables, served directly on a black iron skillet. of course, la fonda also offers all the usual mexican fare including salads, soups, tacos, burritos, enchiladas, and quesadillas. no tortas, but do offer cuban sandwiches. almost all entrees are under $10. i love the salsa here. it tastes fresh and delicious. to me, it has the right consistency -- not too thick nor thin. it has the right mix and amount of ingredients. finely chopped onion and cilantro are included and it comes through well in the flavor. try the reuben cubano (a.k.a. the reuben cuban). it's a cuban sandwich with grilled chicken breast, swiss cheese, cuban coleslaw, pickles, and cuban dressing. you'll be hard-pressed not to leave a bite on your plate. the quesadillas aren't bad either. the quesadillas consist of 10-inch flour tortillas with cheddar and monterrey jack cheese and your choice of filling(s). i like mine with chorizo (spanish sausage). the chorizo is sliced into circular pieces. the cheese and meat combination makes for a pretty appetizing meal. black beans and yellow rice are included with quesadilla (and most other entree) orders. for dessert, try the flan or some churros (mexican doughnuts). very good. la fonda has plenty of servers who generally stay on top of everything. also, the food comes out fast.", "business_id": "Zx5fNxBc6gIRRrBCVvYgqA", "stars": 3, "date": "2012-09-10", "type": "review"}