{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 2, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "rb6vMqFYgNvWduP5iMxsPA", "review_id": "D9XSDMXBvr4BG21e2nCUlg", "text": "my friends and i used to eat at the la fonda in little 5 points all the time when i was in college. so i have a soft spot for this restaurant and my happy memories of how good the paella was. so i was happy when a location opened on howell mill near my office, but i never got around to trying it until this week. my party of 7 walked in around 12:15 pm on a work day and had no trouble finding a table. i don't know if that's a testament to their ample seating or if they just aren't getting enough business. there were a lot of people eating there, though, so i think i'm just confused by the spacious layout. most of the places i eat in the westside suffer from a severe dearth of space and tables. given the amount of seating, i can see why parking was kind of a pain in the butt for us. while la fonda has a small lot in front and a slightly larger lot in back, both were full when we got there. we were able to park in this sketchy gravel lot down the street near six feet under. since we didn't saying any signage saying not to park there and our cars weren't booted when we got back from lunch, i guess it's safe to mention this as an alternative parking option. given my fond memories of the paella, i decided to order that as my lunch. since the time when i regularly ate paella at the l5p location, i've eaten authentic paella in san juan, puerto rico. did the paella at la fonda equal that delicious dining experience? not quite, but it was still yummy after all these years, even when compared with the real deal. most of the other people at my table also ordered either the regular paella or the paella del mar. all of them were fans of the paella, too. two others ordered the reuben cubano. they said it wasn't really like a reuben (chicken instead corned beef or turkey pastrami) and also wasn't exactly like a cuban sandwich (no ham). however, both of them really enjoyed this chickeny, cheesey sandwich with \"mexican cole slaw\" and a side of rice and black beans. our lunch at la fonda was very enjoyable. expect it to take longer than a typical lunch hour if you have a large party like we did. but then again, it usually takes our particular large party more than an hour to eat lunch anywhere, so your mileage may vary.", "business_id": "Zx5fNxBc6gIRRrBCVvYgqA", "stars": 4, "date": "2010-05-15", "type": "review"}