{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 2, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "-k2jA8vZus1itFdn4bh5Vw", "review_id": "OXagWKcyNt_3pjgr1LsjbA", "text": "the cellar is definitely my favorite place to eat and hang out in blacksburg. atmosphere - the upstairs is more restaurant feeling and more family friendly. they have live music there during the week. they have a little area called the \"champagne room\" that's a bit more private, if you can manage to get it. downstairs is the tavern area, where people go to have drinks and food in a more adult and casual setting. i usually go downstairs at night and upstairs during the day. they card in the tavern area later on during the night. they have a big tv downstairs where they play sports. the once smokey atmosphere is now gone as well, which is very nice. beer and specials - they have a long list of beers to choose from and a recently opened section where they sell local microbrews. i have yet to check it out but i've heard good things. weekdays 6-7pm is hammertime where you get half off beers, on sundays they have deals on imported beers. you can also do the \"luck of the draw\" where you pay a dollar for a random beer of their choosing. i've usually gotten stuff on the lower end of things, but its pretty fun to do and it's only a buck! drinks - their drinks are always good, not watered down and weak like in most places downtown. definitely worth going for drinks alone. food - always great. i usually get the pita pizza which is a create your own pizza (you choose 3 ingredients) and is an awesome buy for around 5 bucks. they totally fill you up or make for yummy leftovers. i've also tried their sandwiches and subs, always come out good and fill you up. their appetizers are also delicious - the hummus, spinach and artichoke dips, and their spanakopita's are great. service - the one thing they're not great at is service, although they have greatly improved since i started going there. you can expect to wait a bit, especially if you're downstairs. you can also take it upon yourself to head to the bar and order if you're feeling antsy and want your stuff sooner. upstairs they tend to come around more often. bottom line - definitely check them out if you're in the 'burg - it would be a sin not to!", "business_id": "76hIZMzHZ_lFM0p2N7_gRQ", "stars": 5, "date": "2011-04-05", "type": "review"}