{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "VVzG_2ZQg63rOBfBkS6VLA", "review_id": "zMb9PntKZTJRizjaFVsjSg", "text": "good food, always, in a relaxed if noisy atmosphere. the wait staff can be slow but isn't always. the food here is typical american/italian and the beer selection is very good. it's a friendly place to take the kids even and it won't break the bank if you watch what you choose. i wouldn't go downstairs though unless you want the typical college bar experience. upstairs is a nice, if crowded sit down place with mirrors on both walls that make it look bigger. their chef/s do a good job and their pasta is good. some entrees are from frozen ingredients though and you can tell if you know what to look for but they still taste good. their pita pizza is some of the best pizza in the nrv and i've had a lot around the area. the beer selection is top of the line both on-tap and in bottles. i don't really know about the rest of their drink selection as i haven't had it for over a decade. happy hour is at a nice price point and their dollar bottled beer special has never steered me wrong. you can't be cheaper than that for beer. the noise can get high at times due to the crowds, sometimes the live band, and the reverberant walls/mirrors but it's never gotten deafening or hurtful. the wait staff can be slow; they have to take care of two floors of people - the bar downstairs and the more normal restaurant upstairs. i feel the cooks are likely responsible for some of the delays too for similar reasons. but i've only had to ask them to hurry up once. they haven't been slow all the time either. my suggestion is to arrive early, about 5 or 5:30 and it will speed things up. also, fridays and saturdays are slower imo. if you watch what you order you can get by for about $45 for two kids and two adults including tip. that's with beer. of course, if you order dessert or buy more expensive entrees it can go over $50. if everyone gets pita pizza and water it will be less. for this economy, that's a really good deal. the food is a solid three stars but the beer and price make it worth four.", "business_id": "76hIZMzHZ_lFM0p2N7_gRQ", "stars": 4, "date": "2010-06-23", "type": "review"}