{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 1, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "4Nb4nr3QYwIrQHTMgz_VGQ", "review_id": "7hvuygXl1Zg-HmEiU9QH0g", "text": "i've been here a few times and i'm really not sure why i ever go back. it's a greek and \"italian\" kind of hybrid restaurant. they occasionally have a cool southern style band come in and play live music, which is a great cultural experience for someone who's not from the area. they have a very good beer selection and some good value options. service at this place is pretty nonexistant though. you pretty much seat yourself and if the wait staff happens to notice that you exist then they come and begrudgingly take your order. they rarely ever check up on you to see if you need anything and good luck getting them to bring you a check. odds are you'll have to flag someone down yourself. they have 1 single unisex bathroom, which isn't exactly kept to the most hygienic of standards. if you want to go and sit at the bar to watch a game -- good luck. no one in that place has any idea as to how to operate their tv. the subtitles have been streaming on the one tv for about a year and half now without sound. it's an issue that the ownership just seems to not notice or ignore. they also seem to have an ant issue, because every time that i sit at the bar i always notice an ant or two stroll by. the first time i went, i ordered the mousakka, which was a menu special for that particular day. their's consisted of eggplant, ground beef, cheese, and sausage all sort of layered together. i love all of those ingredients individually so i thought why not. they bring you a plate of it, which is a solid 6 inches thick and was clearly baked in the oven. the result, the interior is ice cold while the tops and sides are piping hot. when i came back months later, i ordered the baked ziti with meatballs, something i had been craving. i was expecting a nice plate of ziti with a few meatballs on top and the whole thing coated with mozzarella cheese. instead, i get the baked ziti with meatballs mousakka style! it was a 6 inch thick lasagna looking dish that even had the meatballs inside of it. this time though, i had the opposite issue. the exterior was burnt while the interior was warm. the meatballs were comparable to the ones that you buy at subway or some lousy sub shop. they are absolutely clueless when it comes to cooking italian style food or running a restaurant in general.", "business_id": "76hIZMzHZ_lFM0p2N7_gRQ", "stars": 1, "date": "2011-08-20", "type": "review"}