{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "YSygJSSbTPAeQuWIdybKlQ", "review_id": "UHE-5Ut4CNjYA3R48YTdzg", "text": "i came here recently with one of my best friends for lunch. we found it tucked away in the little alley right next to the princeton record exchange. as we walked in, we noticed that the place was fairly spacious and dim. there weren't many customers there... in fact we might have been the only ones :p they let us glance at the menu and then proceeded to seat us down in a table meant for 4, which was comfy since it was just the 2 of us. i was really craving gyu-don, but it turns out that they didn't have it so i went with the unagi-don instead. my friend ordered 3 rolls (spider, spicy tuna, and philadelphia). the unagi-don came with the choice of a soup or salad, but the waitress brought me a salad instead of the miso soup that i had asked for. this wasn't a huge problem though cause she replaced it shortly afterwards. the miso soup was typical... just a few stripes of seaweed and small cubes of tofu. nothing fancy. food came in about 15-20 minutes. the presentation was pretty neat. the small piece of unagi was placed on top of a bowl of rice with sauce glazed over it and the toppings were put to the side. the edible flower was a nice touch too. as for my friend, her three rolls generously filled up a large rectangular plate with ginger and wasabi on the side. the unagi-don was overall good, soft and flavorful. the sauce went really well with the rice, which was not too overdone. my friend enjoyed the sushi as well. she claimed that the fish was fresh and they actually used a decent amount of crab in the spider roll, which i verified by stealing a piece 0:) the downside? the price. soda was $2/can, unagi-don was $17, and the three rolls came out to $25+. even the fried ice cream is expensive. i'll come back again, but maybe for the lunch special next time or on special occasions? at least the ambiance is nice!", "business_id": "Svho0F2hk_LzqYxKEUB7AA", "stars": 3, "date": "2011-09-18", "type": "review"}