{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "oNV7-xGC9Mi9lGLF1s6jmw", "review_id": "vXM8yXqEg9sdPZEQ0DKLTg", "text": "i came to mo c mo c with a school group so fortunately we didn't have to pay, but for 6 people, our bill came out to over $200 and we were reasonably stuffed. so either it's pretty dang pricey, or we all just eat a lot...or a lovely combination of the two. anyway, the food was pretty good. we got (don't judge us, we got a lot of food) the mo c egg rolls, teriyaki chicken, 2 seafood yaki udons, the sushi and sashimi platter for 2, and the dragon, phoenix, mango lobster, transformer, and spicy king rolls. the mo c egg rolls were just okay. the teriyaki chicken was ridiculously tender. i'm still trying to figure out where they found such a fatty chicken and where i can buy them. :p it comes with a \"salad\" of steamed veggies without any sauce though--they could've put more thought into the sides. the udon was pretty good, nothing special, it came with a decent amount of seafood. the sushi and sashimi platter was good, but i'd recommend just ordering what you like separately. the sushi choices were kind of lame, but the sashimi was really good. the mango lobster roll sounded like it'd be great, but the flavors really didn't go that well together and it was kind of bland. i love mango and really tried to like it though. the dragon roll and transformer roll were good, but the dragon and phoenix roll was better. my favorite was the spicy king roll though. the service was pretty good, they made sure our water cups were always full and our food came out surprisingly fast. i was impressed with the food given the lack of good asian food next to princeton, but for that price tag, i don't think it's worth it, especially since the portions aren't that big (looking back, we ordered ~2 entrees per person!). but if you want sushi and are in the area, this is probably your best bet!", "business_id": "Svho0F2hk_LzqYxKEUB7AA", "stars": 3, "date": "2012-06-08", "type": "review"}