{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 3, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "BwC6JnnmWP50MS6UubOv6Q", "review_id": "LzByafim8ikBW5ClGqivDg", "text": "this is a tiny place that tries to be hip, but there's something cheap about this place which makes me wonder where else they're cutting corners. a friend and i went there a few days ago with our daughters, and we were brought shiny, new high chairs. yay! when i sat down, i noticed that my soy sauce bowl was chipped. not a big deal, of course! i ordered a sashimi lunch, tempura appetizer, and hot tea. wet, room temperature disposable towels brought by. tea was brought with extra water, but no place to put the tea bags except on the table. the tempura appetizer ($8) was okay. it was a little greasy, not piping hot, and the shrimp wasn't crispy enough--a sign that the oil wasn't hot enough and/or the fryer had everything dumped in at once, thereby cooling the temperature oif the oil. i'm not sure what was wrong with the sauce--not tangy enough, possibly syrupy. my daughter likes tofu, so i gave her the tofu from miso and put it on the chipped soy sauce bowl. although she usually doesn't toss plates, she did this time. it was intact on the floor, but later, to my surprise, we were charged $3 for the 10-20 cent soy sauce plate. any idiot knows that breakage is the cost of doing business. i had every intention of giving a generous tip because charlotte was a bit of a handful this time, but screw that. the quality of the sashimi was good. tender, soft. nothing really stood out, but i did have my baby with me who did need a lot of attention this time. i normally don't have a problem with her in restaurants, but it seemed that she was hell bent on making a scene, and a mess. for that i apologise. no rice, charged for something that i didn't even break and customers should never be charged for, charged $2 for cheap tea, and it was a bit warm inside. when the bill came, including tax, my friend's total was $13, mine $26 (including the \"breakage\" fee). we asked to put $26 on my card, she asked for $5 back from the $20 she gave. they gave her $3.27. the service was very friendly it's a bit overpriced, and cheaply run. who charges $3 as a standard fee even if i did break a soy sauce bowl? if someone asks for $5 back, give them $5--don't take out an additional tip. where was my rice? this was not a $23 (or $26) lunch for me--all the corners were cut, and it just wasn't worth it. cheap", "business_id": "Svho0F2hk_LzqYxKEUB7AA", "stars": 1, "date": "2011-07-01", "type": "review"}