{"votes": {"funny": 4, "useful": 6, "cool": 5}, "user_id": "m07sy7eLtOjVdZ8oN9JKag", "review_id": "pibRKBxUvYAcOBwgvbJwJQ", "text": "sadly, this is so-so sushi for the student set at princeton. how else do you explain the trendy curved wood lining the walls and small tables dominating the floor? there ain't no tatami mats, no rice-paper sliding doors, no kitty with a constantly waving arm. nope, that would be too stereotypical for the hip crowd that must come here. even the name isn't very traditional. it's a play on the standard japanese telephone greeting, \"moshi-moshi\" by using the first initials of the brother and sister who own the place, michael and carrie chang. get it? anyway, i came with a colleague for a quick dinner since i didn't get a chance to visit the commercial area around the princeton campus. they don't serve liquor as most dining establishments don't in this part of the state, so make sure to byob if you're in a guzzling mood. we started with a hot towelette - which i didn't realize would be the high point of the meal until later - followed by unexceptional bowls of miso soup and edamame, pretty standard fare save for the designer bowls. the $8 order of gyoza gave us six pot-stickers that were too intensely green to look entirely digestible. they were ok as well. things got a bit better with my colleague's $16 seafood yaki udon, pan-fried noodles mixed with grilled prawns, a bit of crab and sauteed vegetables. mine was the $22 sushi deluxe, which represented nine assorted sushi pieces and a maguro tekka-maki roll. i would have expected a bit more variety than the standard maguro, shrimp and cuttlefish. a nice hamaichi or even some uni could have made a world of difference. alas, it was probably my west coast prejudice that made my response to the pretty plate wreak of pompous disdain. the service was friendly though. food - 3 stars...so so-so ambiance - 3 stars...hip and spacious, perfect for a gaggle of princeton students on a friday evening after mid-terms service - 4 stars...friendly and attentive total - 3 stars...mo c mo c?...(sigh) sayonara!", "business_id": "Svho0F2hk_LzqYxKEUB7AA", "stars": 3, "date": "2010-05-15", "type": "review"}