{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "RBxfJM7pXrbA-B-3Qv5VIw", "review_id": "4zUN4RxgyM1d0Sx6O9uvSA", "text": "the 29th street cafe opened up under new management and with a new menu in august 2008. i visited a few days after its reopening. observations: the menu seems to have improved. there are interesting-sounding tacos now and the specials really are specials (rather than permanent fixtures like they were on the old menu). the pricing level seems to be about the same as before i.e. slightly overpriced but what do you expect for one of the few okay places to eat in the dull desert that is the usc neighborhood? (i never understood why the old owners didn't leverage their near-monopoly position in the north of campus neighborhood better.... perhaps the new owners will do better...) i had the hamburger with sweet potato fries. it was surprisingly good - even i would say one of the best burgers i've had in la in the year i've been here (not that i've had many burgers...) ... and certainly better than anything i had at the old 29th. the service was quick though rather clueless (its early days though, so maybe the waiters will improve). this is an improvement over the previous management, where the service tended to be slow and clueless (and the old kitchen seem to be prone to running out of basic items as well as specials) anyway, back to the new 29th. desserts are kind of boring ( a choice between 3 cupcakes and plain cheesecake?) and overpriced. nothing has changed with the decor, which is a shame. ===further observations=== okay, so they have a weekend (or just saturday? not sure) brunch menu too. it's not well advertised or promoted when i went, so you may have to prompt your server (??). basically 4 item choices - french toast with bacon&eggs; pancakes with bacon & eggs; and i think 2 kinds of omelette. $9 for each item. quality was okay, i think this is a bit overpriced given that none of the ingredients or presentation are special. admittedly, i am comparing this with fancier brunch places, and well at least the 29th street new owners are making an effort. hopefully if their brunch business picks up, they will introduce a better variety of brunch items (or even brunch cocktails - surely this is a nobrainer for the student crowd?) . i understand that their menu is still being tweaked, and i look forward to improvements. certainly i will return to check.", "business_id": "xuRWwbM-qxSbDSv6Ph35Eg", "stars": 3, "date": "2008-08-09", "type": "review"}