{"votes": {"funny": 0, "useful": 0, "cool": 0}, "user_id": "A8B0E0cM1nTIVJTT2i5OEQ", "review_id": "rDb1BnkVZbLEKxNYLqoQaw", "text": "as a usc student, 29th street cafe (affectionately known as the \"2-9\") would be a likely place to grab a quick bite to eat, or hang out with some friends. sadly though, this place is none of that, as the 2-9 fails on a number of levels. (note: this review is written based on the new management/owners and their respective changes.) the food and service prior to the 2008 change were impeccable, and the 2-9 was a favorite hangout of mine. but ever since they changed owners, everything has been lacking. i went there for dinner a couple nights ago with my girlfriend, and it was a travesty at best. from the beginning, when it took 15 minutes for a waitress to even ask us if we wanted anything to drink, it sucked. when she finally came around to take our orders we asked if their chicken tortilla soup had cilantro, since my girlfriend doesn't like it and i'm allergic to it. after learning it does, we decided to order the turkey sandwich and phili cheese steak with a side of fries and pasta salad. fast forward 45 minutes, (yes, 45 minutes!!!) to when our food finally came out. i was quick to find that the pasta salad had cilantro. as soon as that horrible, pungent smell stabbed me i the face, i knew this was going to be a bad meal. seriously? we just asked if the chicken tortilla soup had cilantro, because i'm allergic to it. now what do you do, you bring out this pasta salad with cilantro. good lord! anyway, we got them to switch pasta salad with some fries, but that didn't do much to make things better. the sandwiches were okay, with my phili cheese steak being slightly lukewarm (confirming my idea that it was done and just sitting there waiting to be picked up). finally, i ordered a vanilla coke, which was waaay to sweet (it's essentially coke with vanilla syrup) and a couple waters. the waters tasted like crap, literally. worst tap water ever. pros: - cheap beer during happy hour ($3 bucks per glass). stella artois available on tap. cons: - almost everything else.", "business_id": "xuRWwbM-qxSbDSv6Ph35Eg", "stars": 1, "date": "2009-02-10", "type": "review"}